K ;ed

Chemistry continues.

Saudi Basic Industries Company ( SABIC )

(Saudi Joint Stock Company)

Consolidated Annual Financial Statements

for the year ending December 13

Independent Auditor Report 4202

S.

National Address:

R.

Al Orouba Road, Al Olaya District, Postal Code 4, Sub Number5 www.pwc.com/me - 66 () -4 : -4 Riyadh, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

Phone 4 -  () 66 Fax

Respected.

Report of the independent auditor (to the shareholders of Saudi Basic Industries Company (SABIC)

What we've reviewed: The Group's Consolidated Financial Lists

the Consolidated Financial Center List

Shareholding Company (Saudi Arabia)

Report on the review of consolidated financial statements

Saudi Basic Industries Company (“SABIC” or “the Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Community”), and their consolidated financial performance and consolidated cash flows for the year to come in accordance with

and other issues issued by the Saudi Commission for Auditors and Accountants.

Basis of opinion

We conducted our review in accordance with the international auditing standards adopted in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.

We believe that the audit evidence obtained is sufficient and appropriate as a basis for our opinion.

4.

Consolidated entry list for the year ending in that date..  Consolidated list of entries for the year ending in that date.

List of consolidated cash flows for the year ended in that date.  Explanations of consolidated financial statements, which include information of relative importance on accounting policies and other explanatory information

Reviewer Responsibilities on List Review

Consolidated financials.

6

The Department is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with the international standards for financial reporting adopted in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and other standards and issuances issued by the Saudi Arabian Government.

For auditors and accountants and the requirements of the corporate system and the company's statute, and the internal control system that management deems necessary to be able to prepare consolidated financial lists free of external distortions, whether

It's a result of fraud or error.

For matters relating to continuity, and the use of the accounting continuity principle, where necessary, when preparing consolidated financial statements, management is responsible for evaluating the group's ability to continue its business and disclosure.

Management owners describe the group or stop its operations, or there is no real alternative otherwise..

Management is responsible for other information..

This.

Our opinion on consolidated financial statements does not cover other information and we will not provide any kind of assurance about it.

As far as our review of consolidated financial statements is concerned, our responsibility is to read only the other information specified above and, when reading, to consider whether other information does not conform to the financial statements.

That's why it involves juggling..  Consolidated financial statements or with information obtained during the audit process, or otherwise.

Respected.

The report of the independent auditor (to be completed) to the shareholders of the Saudi Basic Industries Company (SABIC)

Other Information

Management   Governance  Unified Financial Lists

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misrepresentations, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a reference report that includes our opinion..

Reasonable assurance is a reasonable level of assurance, but does not guarantee that the review process carried out in accordance with the international auditing standards adopted in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, will always reveal the distortion of Jouri when present..

Consolidated financial statements.

As part of the audit process carried out in accordance with the international auditing standards adopted in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, we practice physical inspection and maintain physical suspicion during the review process..

Identify and assess risks of material misrepresentations in consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and implement audit procedures to address these risks, and obtain sufficient audit evidence

And suitable as a basis for expressing our opinion.

Misleading or bypassing the internal control system.

Obtain an understanding of the internal control systems related to the audit process for the purpose of designing appropriate audit procedures for the circumstances, and not for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control regulations.

Evaluate the appropriateness of the accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.

Inferring the appropriateness of management's use of the principle of accounting continuity, and building on the audit evidence obtained, determining whether there is an operational uncertainty related to events or circumstances that could indicate

There is considerable doubt about the group’s ability to continue its business.

Our opinion is modified if such disclosures are not sufficient.  Our conclusions are based on audit evidence obtained up to the date of our report..

The group is in business.

Evaluate the overall presentation and content of all consolidated financial statements, including disclosures, and determine whether the consolidated financial statement represents transactions and related events in a way that achieves a fair offer.

Plan and conduct a group audit to obtain adequate and appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the business entities or units within the group, as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.

We are also responsible for directing, supervising and inspecting audit work carried out for the purposes of group audit, and we remain solely responsible for our opinion.

Respected.

The report of the independent auditor (to be completed) to the shareholders of the Saudi Basic Industries Company (SABIC)

Auditor Responsibilities on the Review of Consolidated Financial Statements

Bader Ibrahim bin Muharl

4 License Number

6 Shaaban

(5)

Oh, my God.

644

February 5 )

The scope and planned timing of the audit process and the results of the external audit, including any significant deficiencies in the internal control system that we discover through, among other things, we inform those responsible for governance.

Our review.

We make it clear that we have complied with the appropriate ethical requirements relating to independence, and we inform you of all relationships and other matters that we reasonably believe may affect our independence.

. If necessary, actions taken to eliminate applicable threats or protective measures

Among the things that we inform those in charge of governance about, we identify those things that were of great importance during the process of reviewing the consolidated financial statements for the current period and therefore are the main matters for review.

Disclosure of this matter will result in adverse outcomes that outweigh the public interest benefits of such disclosure.

Respected.

The report of the independent auditor (to be completed) to the shareholders of the Saudi Basic Industries Company (SABIC)

Brags Waterhouse Cooper

The group classifies its assets and liabilities as three tiers.

The group has prepared these two fundamentally unified financial brigades.

For fair value, and that's based on lower-level entries.

Keep it up. Keep it going.

To note the importance of inputs for measuring fair value is

Show us:

These united financial forces are prepared in accordance with historical incomprehensibility,

•

Except for some items that involve investing in instruments and derivatives.

First Level: Non-Rated Prices (Markets)

Financial is some receivables, assets, plans, benefits, post-completion.

ActiveAssets and similar liabilities,

Service. Determines historical incomprehension, based on the fair value of the compensating.

•

Paid for goods is service by date of transaction.

Level II:MethodsCalendarInputsMinimum Level-

Did you not notice their pictures directly?

Fair value is the price you'll receive when you sell Ma's assets.

Or not directly,

Reimbursement upon transfer of dues under a regular treatment

•

Dealers in the market on the date of measurement apart from the ears of the price

Level III:MethodsCalendarInputsMinimum Level-

It's noticeable that they're live and can be estimated using other calendar methods.

Intimacy is a measure of fair-value unobserved.

And when you estimate the fair value of assets and liabilities, you take the set.

In particular, the delivery of assets and liabilities

Marketers take that into account when pricing assets or...

Requisites by date of measurement

And for the purposes of measuring fair value, he's a whistleblower.

Uniformity, its fair value is determined on this basis, except for the coefficients:"

"16 years of killing liludlaray work, living in a precarious state of larajila contracts

The rent, the ways of measurement, some properties are similar to fair values, but...

It's not, like, "net worth what's stated in a standard."

"Stock, current values stated in standard"

I.A. 36, drop in assets, net worth.

"19 yilhhsh mm rfhdawlnvmhlhnhzl.

Staff

SABIC Annual Consolidated Financial Statements 4202 51

Company Information

2.

1 .

Clarifications on the Consolidated Financial Statements

Amounts in thousands of Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated

These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards.

Saudi Arabia Interpretations and Standards

and other issues approved by the Saudi Commission of Auditors and Accountants

The International Financial Reporting Standards ( IFRS )

Saudi Arabia."

Saudi Basic Industries Company ( SABIC )

“ As a Saudi Joint Stock Company under the Royal Decree No.

M / 66 dated 31 Ramadan in Riyadh with Commercial Registration No.

7931

YR.  B.

6931 AH (corresponding to 6 September 6791), which is registered dated 41 Muharram. The registered office is located in the neighborhood, Crdoba.

3180100101

H ( January 4 7791

Riyadh, 22411, Saudi Arabia.

Saudi Arabian Oil Company (Saudi Aramco) owns 0.7% of the

SABIC, through one of its subsidiaries, Saudi Aramco Chemical Company, is the largest shareholder in Saudi Arabia.

Saudi Aramco 's

. The remaining %03 of SABIC shares

84% Direct Ownership.

SABIC and SHRT’s activities (collectively, the “Group”) are in the manufacture, marketing and distribution of chemicals and polymers.

Plastics and Agricultural Nutrients in Global Markets.

Approved the issuance of the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year

Ended December 13.

5202.

Chartal Group

And if she loses control of their company, she stops.

2.Scale(Complete)

Once consolidated, the assets and liabilities of the operations are transferred.

Proof of assets related to that fame, if applicable.

ExpatriatesSaudi RiyalsExchange PriceSideDateQuantity

And liabilities, non-controlling property rights, property rights.

2-1 Unification

Consolidated financials, conversions, through-the-money transfers.

The other one, and you list the profits and the losses that result from that.

.

Includes unified Guatemalans, Guatemalans and Malaysians.

The transaction history is determined by the conversion differentials resulting from the currency conversion.

-

Controlled by SABIC, Side Joint Operations, where they drag it on me.

For the purposes of uniformity in the items of the other comprehensive when practically excluded

22 Foreign currencies

The basis of her quota for the group is in order.

Foreign, cross-referenced items, all related to that foreign operation.

The Unified Saudi Riyals ( " )

the Unified Income Assessment

The job's for the company, and it's almost all over.

The consolidation of the subsidiary begins when the subsidiary moves in.

SAUDI, MALMERD Otherwise, as far as Shah is concerned, the group business

Sapcoit stops when you lose control.

Functionality is the items listed in the money using that coin.

RESPONSIBILITIES AND REQUIREMENTS

Career.

Excluded during the period in the united financial country from the date of transition

Control isn't gonna stop you from exercising that control.

Transactions and Monitoring

3rd ClassAugraLajri-2-HorseLocksHub3ApplicableSpices

It's done, basically, proof of transactions in foreign currencies.

To strengthen control. You'll make a recalibration to make sure you're in control.

Group at spot rates for functional currencies at transaction date.

You exercise control over the company, the investor doesn't.

Assets & LiabilitiesCashRegisteredForeign CurrencyPrices

Circumstances and circumstances change in control.

Instant transfer of functional currencies in the history of the Unified Financial Times.

It's consistent with variances caused by blockages or conversions of cash items.

The net income or loss is due to the item(s) through all other means.

Unitary income.

Shareholders of the company not the group is the non-controlling property rights of the

And when necessary,

I'm making compromises on the money.

The non-monetary items measured by Balt's historical value are expressed in currencies.

Its accounting policies are with those followed by the group.

Foreigner, using transfer rates, the first transaction dates are given.

Assets and liabilities overlap as well as property rights and income

Proving non-cash items that are measured in fair value in foreign currency,

And expenses, cash outflows, money related transactions, group publishing.

Using transfer prices, side by side on the date the value is applied.

When uniting the financials.

Fair enough to handle the profits or losses resulting from the diversion of non-cash items.

It's measured in fair terms, consistent with profit or loss.

It shows non-controlling property rights.

Resulting from the change in fair value

He's separated, he's central, united, and he'll have income.

Foreign currency related to debt, advances and cash is almost cash.

Unitarianism, and how it's done through all of the Unitarians, and what changes in rights.

and short-term investments to assess consolidated income.

The sole proprietorship. Accountable for change in the rights of proprietary affiliate,

OutLivalFinance is offering all the profits and money to transfer foreign currencies.

Without losing control of it, as a right-of-ownership transaction between shareholders.

The other two are unified income, including revenue and revenue.

SABIC Annual Consolidated Financial Statements 4202 61

Clarifications on the Consolidated Financial Statements (Complete)

Amounts in thousands of Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated

The future is important to strengthen the performance of the Madrul Unit.

RatingsVariable estimates affect current periods and periods

2.Scale(Complete)

Tested or other initiatives you haven't committed to the group yet.

Futurism.

Reimbursable values are affected by the discount rate used in the method.

- Hebbinglaaaaalma22

Discounted cash flows as well as net cash inflows

Disclosures include: Other Risks to the Group

The month is considered the result of the acquisition of her foreign currency as well as

Anticipated future is the growth rate used for induction purposes.

Uncertainty.

•

AdjustmentsAdequate valuesAdequacy of assets and liabilities

Money management, money management, risk management, financial instruments.

The resulting acquisition as assets and liabilities of the offshore operation,

.38 and 37.

And it's converted at the price of the F.R.T. by the date of the Unified Financial Times.

( ) . •

In terms of currency exchange rates:

Disclosures Related to Sensitivity Analysis 37

3.1 Estimates and assumptions

2024 2023

The group used the assumptions and estimates available when setting the values.

PriceInstantAverageAvergent

However, circumstances and assumptions may change.

At3.7531DecPrice3.75In3.75/31DecP Price3.75

- U.S. dollars.

And it's about future developments that result in market changes and circumstances.

-Euro 3.90 4.06 4.14 4.06

Out of control, the group reverses these changes in assumptions.

-Ginhastrellini4.71 4.79 4.77 4.66

When it happens, the basic assumptions about the future will be disclosed.

- 0.51 0.52 0.53 0.53

And the other sources of uncertainty are estimates, which are exciting.

Yuansinyi

LeadLeadershipSubstantial adjustment of values to assets

3. Estimates, Assumptions, and Important Accounting

and liabilities during the next financial period in the following paragraphs.

It requires a unified financial base for the group.

113.- Decrease in non-financial assets (see

And estimates and assumptions by date of the unified financial powerhouses, which I believe to be

7 days.

In terms of revenue, expenses, assets, and liabilities.

And disclosures may result from the uncertainty of these assumptions and estimates.

The decrease occurs when the book value of the asset or the cash-generating unit increases

Make a fundamental adjustment in the future to the book values of assets or

About the recoverable value, which represents the fair value minus the fibrosis.

The stuff that's going on.

Exclusions and current values, whichever is higher.

Fair is the reason for exclusion based on the data available for transactions

These estimates are based on assumptions based on experience and other factors.

Obligatory sale, which is on terms of fair dealing, for similar assets and prices.

He thinks his brains are for conditions and used to measure book values.

MarketableNot noticed its lack of extra fiberWill exclude the original.

For assets and liabilities that are difficult to obtain from other sources.

The current value is based on its way to discounted cash flows.

ReviewsEstimates and AssumptionsContinued

Cash flow is basically a budget. It's a business plan for years.

Adjustments to accounting estimates during the period in which they are adjusted

SABIC Annual Consolidated Financial Statements 4202 71

Clarifications on the Consolidated Financial Statements (Complete)

Amounts in thousands of Saudi Riyals unless otherwise stated

SABIC Annual Consolidated Financial Statements 4202 81

3.1.5 Defined employee benefits programmes (see illustration 32) represent defined post-employment benefits programmes and defined employment benefits programmes.

End of service, statutory compensation liabilities, long-term employee benefits, and other liabilities to be paid in the future due to

Service provided by staff.  These arrangements require actuarial valuations to measure these liabilities..

Assumptions about variables such as discount rates and rate of increase in

Salaries, longevity, attrition rates, and health care

Futures, if applicable..

The underlying has a significant impact on expected benefit liabilities and subsequent specific employee benefits.

Consolidated financials.

3.1.4 Allocations (see illustration 42) SABIC is exposed to systemic, environmental and regulatory risks.

Compliance with competition law, export control, data protection, intellectual property rights, tax and environmental legislation.

That's unforeseeable lawsuits and regulatory actions, and it can...

Regulatory or regulatory procedures that are or become SABIC shall

in which or which are settled into substantial penalties that may not be covered

through insurance policies.

3.1.3 Measurement of financial instruments (see explanations 11, 21, 31 and 51)

F ) 71

3.

3.1 Estimates and assumptions (continuation)

3.1.2 Rate of additional borrowing of leases (see illustration 8)

F ) 22

Clarifications on the Consolidated Financial Statements (Complete)

Amounts in thousands of Saudi RiyalsOther

The provisions of the contracts for which T  L  is considered to be greater than their benefits or

Uncertain liabilities are the best estimate for management if net flows

Cash issued is likely.

Interest obligations specified at a specified price are deducted by reference to the relevant market returns at the end of the reporting period for high-quality evil bonds or government bonds if there is no deep market in such evil bonds.

High Quality.

Inclusion in the society from which the yield curve was extracted.

The quality of the bonds of evil  and determine the exceptions, excluded if any.

or Derivatives to determine the basis requires management to perform a procedure to demonstrate

Investments in equity instruments and derivatives.

Or 3 (see illustration 2.)

Depends on the allocation, nature, estimates and evaluations to be sure.

Whether the criteria for proof are met, including an estimate of the probability of flows.

Cash issued.

Environmental assessment after consideration of legal advice.

and other information.

Projected cash outflows for separation payments and closure

Location or other exits.

The Group cannot easily determine the implied commission rate on leases and therefore uses the additional borrowing rate to measure contract obligations.

Rent.

(e) To borrow funds necessary to acquire an asset of similar value to the original right of use in a similar economic environment.

A similar period and with similar security.

What the group has to pay, which requires discretion when not available

Noteable rates – such as for non-funding dependents – or when they need to be adjusted to reflect the terms of the A&M

Rent.

When available, it must make some estimates for the facility.

The Group must express its opinion on the basis of determining the fair value

For investments in equity instruments or derivatives by reference to similar types of investments that are sold on the market.