Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from material misrepresentations, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue a reference report that includes our opinion..

Reasonable assurance is a reasonable level of assurance, but does not guarantee that the review process carried out in accordance with the international auditing standards adopted in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, will always reveal the distortion of Jouri when present..

Consolidated financial statements.

As part of the audit process carried out in accordance with the international auditing standards adopted in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, we practice physical inspection and maintain physical suspicion during the review process..

Identify and assess risks of material misrepresentations in consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, design and implement audit procedures to address these risks, and obtain sufficient audit evidence

And suitable as a basis for expressing our opinion.

Misleading or bypassing the internal control system.

Obtain an understanding of the internal control systems related to the audit process for the purpose of designing appropriate audit procedures for the circumstances, and not for the purposes of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control regulations.

Evaluate the appropriateness of the accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related disclosures made by management.

Inferring the appropriateness of management's use of the principle of accounting continuity, and building on the audit evidence obtained, determining whether there is an operational uncertainty related to events or circumstances that could indicate

There is considerable doubt about the group’s ability to continue its business.

Our opinion is modified if such disclosures are not sufficient.  Our conclusions are based on audit evidence obtained up to the date of our report..

The group is in business.

Evaluate the overall presentation and content of all consolidated financial statements, including disclosures, and determine whether the consolidated financial statement represents transactions and related events in a way that achieves a fair offer.

Plan and conduct a group audit to obtain adequate and appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the business entities or units within the group, as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.

We are also responsible for directing, supervising and inspecting audit work carried out for the purposes of group audit, and we remain solely responsible for our opinion.

Respected.

The report of the independent auditor (to be completed) to the shareholders of the Saudi Basic Industries Company (SABIC)

Auditor Responsibilities on the Review of Consolidated Financial Statements